I'm sure that I'm sure that I'm sure that I'm sure that I'm sure that I'm sure that I'm sure that I'm sure that I'm sure that I'm sure that I'm sure that I'm sure that I'm sure that I'm sure that I'm sure that I'm sure that I'm sure that I'm sure that I'm sure that I'm sure that I'm sure that I'm sure that I'm sure that I'm sure that I'm sure that I'm sure that I'm sure that I'm sure that I'm sure that I'm sure that I'm sure that I'm sure that I'm sure that I'm sure that I'm sure that I'm sure that I'm sure that I'm sure that I'm sure that I'm sure that I'm sure that I'm sure that I'm sure that I'm sure that I'm sure that I'm sure that I'm sure that I'm sure that I'm sure that I'm sure that I'm sure that I'm sure that I'm sure that I'm sure that I'm sure that I'm sure
that I'm sure that I'm sure that I'm sure that I'm sure that I'm sure that I'm sure that I'm sure that I'm sure that I'm sure that I'm sure that I'm sure that I'm sure that I'm sure that I'm sure that I'm sure that I'm sure that I'm sure that I'm sure that I'm sure that I'm sure that I'm sure that I'm sure that I'm sure that I'm sure that I'm sure that I'm sure that I'm sure that I'm sure that I'm sure that I'm sure that I'm sure that I'm sure that I'm sure that I'm sure that I'm sure that I'm sure that I'm sure that I'm sure that I'm sure that I'm sure that I'm sure that I'm sure that I'm sure that I'm sure that I'm sure that I'm sure that I'm sure that I'm sure that I'm sure that I'm sure that I'm sure that I'm sure that I'm sure that I'm sure that I'm sure that
The
time is
late, so the
old man
is
going to
buy it
.
What
happened to
this old man
?
The
old man
wants to
drink
sake
.
I
drink sake
.
I drink
sake
.
I drink
sake
.
I drink
sake
.
Ah
there
is
another
candidate
Thank you for watching!